ciandcd  
 Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery 
 Written by  ciandcd.com 
 A curated list of awesome tools for: 
continuous integration 
continuous delivery 
software integration 
devops 
 
 ciandcd 
 Theory 
 Build And Release System 
 Online Build System 
 Infrastructure 
 dev env 
 Source Code Management 
 Code Review 
 Build 
 Static Check 
 Dynamic Check 
 Performance Analysis 
 Coverage 
 Testing 
 Package 
 Deploy 
 Delivery 
 Provisioning Tools 
 Web Server 
 Applications And Container 
 OS And Shell 
 Database Version Control 
 Useful Sites 
 Conference And Submit 
 Books 
 Other Awesome Lists 
 Contact 
 
 Theory 
 The theory for continuous integration and continuous deliver 
 
 continuousIntegration 
 continuousdelivery 
 software integration 
 devopsdays 
 ci cheatsheet 
 
 Build And Release System 
 The system for software build and release, continuous integration and continuous delivery 
 
 Jenkins   An extendable open source continuous integration server 
 Solano CI   Faster Continuous Integration and Deployment with patented auto-parallelization. See results 10 to 80x faster. 14-day free trial. No credit card required. 
 Concourse  Rather than a myriad of checkboxes, pipelines are defined as a single declarative config file 
 BuildForge   Automate and accelerate build and release processes 
 ElectricFlow   ElectricFlow/ElectricCommander gives distributed teams shared control and visibility into infrastructure, tool chains and processes. It accelerates and automates the software delivery process to enable agility, predictability and security across many build-test-deploy pipelines 
 Teamcity   Ready to work, extensible 
and developer-friendly build server out of the box 
 bamboo   Bamboo does more than just run builds and tests. It connects issues, commits, test results, and deploys so the whole picture is available to your entire product team 
 go   Automate and streamline the build-test-release cycle for worry-free, continuous delivery of your product 
 hudson   the previous one of Jenkins 
 openbuildservice   The Open Build Service (OBS) is a generic system to build and distribute binary packages from sources in an automatic, consistent and reproducible way. You can release packages as well as updates, add-ons, appliances and entire distributions for a wide range of operating systems and hardware architectures 
 buildbot    Buildbot is a continuous integration system designed to automate the build/test cycle. By automatically rebuilding and testing the tree each time something has changed, build problems are pinpointed quickly, before other developers are inconvenienced by the failure 
 Parabuild   Parabuild is an enterprise software build and release management system that helps software teams to release on time by providing them practically unbreakable release builds and Continuous Integration 
 FinalBuilder   Automating your Build process is simple with FinalBuilder. With FinalBuilder you don't need to edit xml, or  write scripts. Visually define and debug your build scripts, then schedule them with windows scheduler, or integrate them with Continua CI, Jenkins or any other CI Server 
 VisualBuild   Visual Build enables developers and build masters to easily create an automated, repeatable build process 
 cruisecontrol   CruiseControl.NET, an Automated Continuous Integration server, implemented using the .NET Framework 
 continuum  Apache Continuum™ is an enterprise-ready continuous integration server with features such as automated builds, release management, role-based security, and integration with popular build tools and source control management systems 
 quickbuild   GitHub integration. Perforce shelve support. Coverity report rendering. Subversion external change retrieval. Resource access info. Display reasons for waiting steps. Custom build and request columns. Favorite dash board list. Inheritable environment variables.And much more... 
 rexify   perl Deployment & Configuration Management 
 SimpleCI  Docker-based self-hosted ci system. Supports distributed build cache, external providers (GCE), real-time build log, etc. 
 pulse  no free version. 
 PHP Censor  PHP Censor is a open source self-hosted continuous integration server for PHP projects (Fork of  PHPCI ) 
 rundeck  Rundeck features fine-grain access controls, a built-in job scheduler, and the ability to define workflows that dispatch commands and scripts to your nodes. 
 
 Online Build System 
 Online build release system 
 
 closeheat  Static website integration with GitHub and Cloud development environment 
 travis-ci  ci server for github and bitbuckets 
 cloudbees  the Enterprise Jenkins Company 
 elasticbox   A DevOps approach that focuses on reusable application components as a service, and enables operations to provide IT as a Service 
 coveralls   Track your project's code coverage over time, changes to files, and badge your GitHub repo 
 shippable   Hosted continuous integration and deployment service built on docker 
 circleci   Continuous Integration for web apps. 
 buildbox   Simple self-hosted Continuous Integration 
 drone  Open source continuous integration platform built on Docker 
 appveyor   Continuous Integration and Deployment service for busy Windows 
 snap-ci  Easy builds, deployed when you want 
 codeship   Continuous Integration and Delivery made simple 
 githost   Painless GitLab CE & CI Hosting 
 testling  Automatic browser tests on every push 
 magnum-ci   Hosted Continuous Integration and Delivery Platform for private repositories 
 wercker   Test and deploy your applications with ease 
 codecov   Continuous code coverage. Featuring browser extenstions and awesome pull request commentsto track coverage over time on your GitHub/Bitbucket/Gitlab repo 
 GitLab CI  - Based off of ruby. They also provide GitLab, which manages git repositories. 
 IBM DevOps Services  - Develop, track, plan, and deploy software onto the IBM Bluemix cloud platform. 
 deploybot  - Instantly build and ship code anywhere in one consistent process for your entire team. 
 Semaphore CI  — Fast and easy to use continuous integration and deployment service with native Docker support. 
 flow.ci  - flow.ci, hosted continuous integration and delivery service for innovators who shape the future. 
 
 Monitoring 
 Tools for monitoring the status continuous integration and continuous delivery 
 
 CatLight   Build status monitor for Jenkins, TeamCity, Travis CI, Appveyor and TFS 
 
 Infrastructure 
 The hardware,virtual machines, fram management, docker 
 
 GridWiki   wiki page for Grid 
 UGE   Univa workload management solutions maximize the value of existing computing resources by efficiently sharing workloads across thousands of servers 
 SGE   Grid Engine is typically used on a computer farm or high-performance computing (HPC) cluster and is responsible for accepting, scheduling, dispatching, and managing the remote and distributed execution of large numbers of standalone, parallel or interactive user jobs. It also manages and schedules the allocation of distributed resources such as processors, memory, disk space, and software licenses 
 LSF   Platform Load Sharing Facility (or simply LSF) is a workload management platform, job scheduler, for distributed HPC environments. It can be used to execute batch jobs on networked Unix and Windows systems on many different architectures 
 vmwarevshpere   VMware vSphere (formerly VMware Infrastructure 4) is VMware's cloud computing virtualization operating system 
 ctrixserver   XenServer is the best server virtualization platform for public and private clouds, powering 4 of the 5 largest hosting provider clouds.  Built with scale, security and multi-tenancy in mind, XenServer allows for even greater flexibility and cost efficiency 
 [miscrosofthyperv](Docker - An open platform for distributed applications for developers and sysadmins)  microsoft virtualization 
 amazon  Scalable, pay-as-you-go compute capacity in the cloud 
 mesosphere-dc/os  As a datacenter operating system, DC/OS is itself a distributed system, a cluster manager, a container platform, and an operating system. 
 
 Dev env 
 
 boxstarter  Repeatable, reboot resilient windows environment installations made easy using Chocolatey packages. 
 vagrantup   Create and configure lightweight, reproducible, and portable development environments. 
 veewee  Easing the building of vagrant boxes 
 
 Source Code Management 
 Version control and source code management tools 
 
 git   Git is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency 
 perforce   Industry’s most reliable and proven platform for versioning code, images, documents... everything 
 clearcase   IBM Rational ClearCase is a software configuration management solution that provides version control, workspace management, parallel development support, and build auditing 
 mercurial   Mercurial is a free, distributed source control management tool. It efficiently handles projects of any size and offers an easy and intuitive interface 
 svn   Subversion is an open source version control system 
 gitlab   Open source self-hosted Git management software 
 github   Powerful collaboration, review, and code management for open source and private development projects. 
 bitbuckets   Plant your code in the cloud. Watch it grow. 
 teamfoundationservice   Visual Studio Online, based on the capabilities of Team Foundation Server with additional cloud services, is the online home for your development projects. Get up and running in minutes on our cloud infrastructure without having to install or configure a single server. Visual Studio Online connects to Visual Studio, Eclipse, Xcode, and other Git clients to support development for a variety of platforms and languages 
 phabricator   Phabricator is a collection of open source web applications that help software companies build better software. 
 IBM DevOps Services  - Store, manage, edit, and collaborate on your source code. Then deploy onto the IBM Bluemix cloud platform. 
 
 Code Review 
 Code review tools 
 
 codecollaborator  Collaborator helps development, testing and management teams work together to produce high quality code 
 crucible   Code reviews = quality code. Review code, discuss changes, share knowledge, and identify defects with Crucible's flexible review workflow. It's code review made easy for Subversion, CVS, Perforce, and more 
 reviewboard   Review Board takes the pain out of code review, saving you time, money, and sanity so you can focus on making great software 
 codestriker   Codestriker is an open-sourced web application which supports online code reviewing. Traditional document reviews are supported, as well as reviewing diffs generated by an SCM (Source Code Management) system and plain unidiff patches 
 getbarkeep  a fast, fun way to review code 
 gerrit  Gerrit is a web based code review system, facilitating online code reviews for projects using the Git version control system 
 Codebrag   Codebrag is a simple code review tool that makes the process work for your team. 
 Upsource  Polyglot Code Review Tool, featuring code insight for PHP, JavaScript and Kotlin, GitHub integration, automated workflows, integration with CI servers 
 Ebert  Ebert does continuous static analysis of your GitHub repositories and delivers it straight to your Pull Requests, helping your team to focus on what's important and deliver better software. 
 
 Build 
 Build tools 
 
 gnumake  GNU Make is a tool which controls the generation of executables and other non-source files of a program from the program's source files 
 gnuautoconf  Autoconf is an extensible package of M4 macros that produce shell scripts to automatically configure software source code packages 
 mozillabuildtools   The Mozilla build system, like the rest of the Mozilla codebase, is cross-platform. It uses traditional Unix-style autoconf and make tools to build the various applications (even on non-unix operating systems) 
 scons   SCons is an Open Source software construction tool—that is, a next-generation build tool. Think of SCons as an improved, cross-platform substitute for the classic Make utility with integrated functionality similar to autoconf/automake and compiler caches such as ccache. In short, SCons is an easier, more reliable and faster way to build software 
 cmake   cmake offers robust, cross-platform software development solutions. Find out how we can help your team efficiently manage the build, test, and package process for your software project 
 msbuild   The Microsoft Build Engine is a platform for building applications. This engine, which is also known as MSBuild, provides an XML schema for a project file that controls how the build platform processes and builds software. Visual Studio uses MSBuild, but it doesn't depend on Visual Studio. By invoking msbuild.exe on your project or solution file, you can orchestrate and build products in environments where Visual Studio isn't installed 
 ant   Ant can be used to pilot any type of process which can be described in terms of targets and tasks. The main known usage of Ant is the build of Java applications. 
 maven   Apache Maven is a software project management and comprehension tool. Based on the concept of a project object model (POM), Maven can manage a project's build, reporting and documentation from a central piece of information. 
 gradle    Gradle is build automation evolved. Gradle can automate the building, testing, publishing, deployment and more of software packages or other types of projects such as generated static websites, generated documentation or indeed anything else. 
 ElectricacCelerator    Continuous Delivery isn’t continuous if builds and tests take too long to complete. ElectricAccelerator speeds up builds and tests by up to 20X, improving software time to market, infrastructure utilization and developer productivity 
 SBT   sbt is an open source build tool for Scala and Java projects. 
 
 Static Check 
 Software static check tools 
 
 static tools wiki  wiki page 
 coverity   Continually measure and improve code quality and security across your development organization 
 fxcop   FxCop is an application that analyzes managed code assemblies (code that targets the .NET Framework common language runtime) and reports information about the assemblies, such as possible design, localization, performance, and security improvements 
 cpd  Duplicate code can be hard to find, especially in a large project. But PMD's Copy/Paste Detector (CPD) can find it for you 
 sonar   SonarQube is an open platform to manage code quality 
 findbugs   Find Bugs in Java Programs 
 checkstyle   Checkstyle is a development tool to help programmers write Java code that adheres to a coding standard 
 
 Dynamic Check 
 Software dynamic check tools 
 
 dynamic tools wiki   wiki page 
 valgrind   automatically detect many memory management and threading bugs, and profile your programs in detail 
 
 Performance Analysis 
 Software performance analysis tools 
 
 performance tools wiki   wiki page 
 
 Coverage 
 Software testing coverage tools 
 
 code coverage wiki   wiki page 
 
 Testing 
 Software testing framework and tools 
 
 Testingautomation   test automation wiki page 
 softwareqatest  FAQ page 
 qaforums   SQA Forums 
 opensourcetesting   open source software testing tools, news and disccussions 
 selenium   Selenium automates browsers 
 Monkey Test It  Free automated website tester with CURLable API 
 Assertible  Continuous post deployment testing for GitHub 
 
 Package 
 The tools for software package and installation 
 
 installshield   World's #1 Software Installation Solution-Build Reliable MSI Installers for Windows Applications 
 NSIS   NSIS (Nullsoft Scriptable Install System) is a professional open source system to create Windows installers. It is designed to be as small and flexible as possible and is therefore very suitable for internet distribution 
 rpm   The RPM Package Manager (RPM) is a powerful command line driven package management system capable of installing, uninstalling, verifying, querying, and updating computer software packages 
 yum   Yum is an automatic updater and package installer/remover for rpm systems 
 fpm  Effing package management! Build packages for multiple platforms (deb, rpm, etc) with great ease and sanity. 
 wix  The most powerful set of tools available to create your Windows installation experience. 
 packer   Packer is a tool for creating identical machine images for multiple platforms from a single source configuration. 
 
 Deploy 
 The tools for web site deploy 
 
 jfrog  s the first Binary Repository Management solution, Artifactory has changed the way binaries are controlled, stored and managed throughout the software release cycle 
 xl-deploy   Agentless, Model-based App Deployment 
 Jenkinsdeployplugin    deploy to tomcat 
 bintray   The fastest and most reliable way to automate the distribution of your software releases 
 
 Delivery 
 The tools for software delivery 
 
 sl-release   Orchestrate your Continuous Delivery pipelines. Simple. Flexible. End-to-End 
 archiva   Apache Archiva™ is an extensible repository management software that helps taking care of your own personal or enterprise-wide build artifact repository. It is the perfect companion for build tools such as Maven, Continuum, and ANT 
 nexus   The use of repository managers (also known as component managers) is helping software development teams achieve simple gains in speed, efficiency, and quality of their operations 
 chocolatey  Chocolatey NuGet is a Machine Package Manager, somewhat like apt-get, but built with Windows in mind 
 pulp   Pulp is a platform for managing repositories of content, such as software packages, and pushing that content out to large numbers of consumers. 
 herd  A single-command bittorrent distribution system, based on Twitter's Murder 
 murder   Large scale server deploys using BitTorrent and the BitTornado library from twitter.com 
 
 Provisioning Tools 
 Provision tools 
 
 Ansible  Simple infrastructure management tool via humam readable playbooks 
 Puppet  Build, destroy and rebuild servers on any public or private cloud 
 Chef   Fast, scalable and flexible software for data center automation 
 SaltStack  Radically simple configuration-management, application deployment, task-execution, and multi-node orchestration engine 
 
 Web Server 
 Common used web server 
 
 apache   Apache httpd has been the most popular web server on the Internet since April 1996 
 nginx  A high performance free open source web server powering busiest sites on the Internet 
 tomcat   An open source software implementation of the Java Servlet and JavaServer Pages technologies 
 jetty 
Jetty provides a Web server and javax.servlet container, plus support for SPDY, WebSocket, OSGi, JMX, JNDI, JAAS and many other integrations 
 HAProxy  - Software based load Balancing, SSL offloading and performance optimization, compression, and general web routing. 
 
 OS And Shell 
 Linux shell, perl, python 
 
 awesome-shell 
 awesome-python 
 awesome-perl 
 awesome-sysadmin 
 
 Applications And Container 
 VM application and container 
 
 docker  Docker - An open platform for distributed applications for developers and sysadmins 
 suseapplication  tools to create suse applications 
 
 Database Version Control 
 Database version control system 
 
 liquibase  source control for your database 
 flywaydb  Database Migrations Made Easy 
 nextep  NeXtep Softwares provides software solutions for the industrialization of your database developments and deployments. Our goal is to increase the productivity of your development teams by taking control of your developments' lifecycle and by automating your deployment and test processes 
 dbdeploy  dbdeploy is a Database Change Management tool. It’s for developers or DBAs who want to evolve their database design – or refactor their database – in a simple, controlled, flexible and frequent manner 
 dbmaestro   Controlled Database Continuous Delivery is Our Business 
 
 Useful Sites 
 Other useful pages 
 
 infoq 
 stackoverflow 
 
 Conference And Submit 
 Conference and submit 
 
 devops submit 
 
 Books 
 
 Securing DevOps  - A book on utilizing CI/CD techniques to improve the security of web applications and their infrastructure. 
 
 Other Awesome Lists 
 Other amazingly awesome lists can be found in 
 
 awesome 
 awesome-awesome 
 awesome-awesomeness 
 sysadmin 
 ci tools compare 
 ci tools compare2 
 ci tools compare 3 
 awesome-docker 
 
 Contact 
 Welcome To add new items about continuous integration and continuous delivery. 
my email is:  itech001@126.com . 
